RHDEVDOCS-3360 - How to run OpenShift GitOps control plane on infra nodes (#40180)
openshift/openshift-docs: cicd/gitops/run-gitops-control-plane-workload-on-infra-nodes.adoc

[id="run-gitops-control-plane-workload-on-infra-nodes"]

> = Running GitOps control plane workload on infra nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Running GitOps control plane workloads on infra nodes
```
Or `Running a GitOps control plane workload on infra nodes` if you mean to leave it as singular rather than plural

:context: run-gitops-control-plane-workload-on-infra-nodes
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

> Infrastructure nodes allow customers to isolate infrastructure workloads for two primary purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use infrastructure nodes to isolate infrastructure workloads for two primary purposes:
```
Per IBM SG: 'Avoid stating that inanimate objects grant abilities to people, as in "the product allows you to...". Whenever possible, use a direct, user-focused alternative such as "you can use the product to..." or "with this product, users can..."'

> * to prevent incurring billing costs against subscription counts and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* to prevent incurring billing costs against subscription counts
```

> * to separate maintenance and management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* to separate maintenance and management
```
Keep the end punctuation for all items in a bulleted list consistent
